[AAWF-385] Update readme and add migration guide (#2379)
DataDog/datadog-api-client-typescript: MIGRATION.md

# Migration Notes: Moving from v1 Client to Logically Grouped Packages

> This guide will help you migrate your code from using the monolithic `@datadog/datadog-api-client` package to the new logically grouped packages structure.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This guide goes over how to migrate your code from using the monolithic `@datadog/datadog-api-client` package to the new logically grouped packages structure.
```

## Major Changes

### Package Structure Changes
- The `@datadog/datadog-api-client` package now only contains core components and configuration objects.
- Service-specific code (e.g., `Monitor`) has been moved to individual packages in `services/` directory

>   - Each Api grouping is in its own dedicated package following the naming convention `@datadog/datadog-api-client-{apiName}`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Each API grouping is in its own dedicated package following the naming convention `@datadog/datadog-api-client-{apiName}`
```

### Configuration object Updates
- `serverVariables`, `operationServerVariables` and `unstableOperation` keys in the configuration object now follow the same format:

  ```
  { apiName }.{ apiVersion }.{operation}
  ```

## Migration Steps

### 1. Package Installation

Install the required packages:

```bash
# Service-specific packages (install only the ones you need)
npm install @datadog/datadog-api-client-monitors
# OR
yarn add @datadog/datadog-api-client-monitors
# ... and so on for other services
```

All of the clients directly depend on the `@datadog/datadog-api-client` package for core components such as `Configuration` object. 

> You can manually install it using:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can manually install the client using:
```

const configuration = client.createConfiguration()
```

```typescript
// New
import { createConfiguration } from "@datadog/datadog-api-client";

const configuration = createConfiguration()
```

### 3. Update service specific imports
Update imports for service-specific models and APIs:

```typescript
// Old
import { v1 } from "@datadog/datadog-api-client";

const apiInstance = new v1.MonitorsApi();
```

```typescript
// New
import { v1 } from "@datadog/datadog-api-client-monitors";

const apiInstance = new v1.MonitorsApi();
```

### 4. Update Configuration
Update your configuration object to use the new format `{ apiName }.{ apiVersion }.{ operation }`

```typescript
// Old
const configuration = createConfiguration({
  operationServerIndices: {
      "v2.LogsApi.submitLog": 0
  },
  unstableOperations: {
    "v2.createOpenAPI": true
  }
});
```

```typescript
// New
const configuration = createConfiguration({
  operationServerIndices: {
      "LogsApi.v2.submitLog": 0
  },
  operationServerVariables: {
      "LogsApi.v2.submitLog": {
          "site": "datadoghq.eu"
      }
  },
  unstableOperations: {
    "APIManagementApi.v2.createOpenAPI": true
  }
});
```

> ## Example Migration

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Example migration
```
